Document the API (#426)
ONSdigital/ras-party: known-api-issues.md

> * Assume generally that REST principles are awful throughout, this is a long way from being a RESTful API

Reviewer: Maybe change this a little before checking in

> * Assume generally that REST principles are awful throughout, this is a long way from being a RESTful API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Assume generally that REST principles are not applied throughout, this requires addressing to deliver a truly RESTful API
```
